Chore: Add Shuttle.toml description (#57)
shuttle-hq/shuttle-docs: support/faq.mdx

    Yes, you can create a SeaORM connection from the sqlx pool Shuttle passes to you when you provision a SQL database. You can take a look at the example [here](https://github.com/shuttle-hq/shuttle/issues/179#issuecomment-1203536025).
  </Accordion>
  <Accordion title="Can I rename my shuttle project?">

>     Certainly. Just create a `Shuttle.toml` file in the some folder where your `Cargo.toml` is and add `name = "your-project-name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Certainly. Just create a `Shuttle.toml` file in the same directory where your `Cargo.toml` is and add `name = "your-project-name"`.
```
